Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V."
Three years ago, the famous
Duel‐tainer, Yusho Sakaki,
failed to defend his title
against The Sledgehammer.
Now Sakaki's own son will try to
erase that disgrace.
Time to activate the field
Castle of Chaos!
(computer) Augmented Reality
Combat system energized.
The field it's generating
is so real,
you can actually climb
the castle walls
or toss your mother‐in‐law
in the dungeon.
Are you ready?
Let's duel!
Odd‐Eyes, get set to strike!
Take out Battleguard King.
Spiral Flame!
Yeah! Bull's‐eye!
Yeah!
Battleguard King,
destroy his Odd‐Eyes.
Oh!
(roaring)
Maybe you should pull a
disappearing act, kid.
After all, like father,
like son!
Okay, pendulum,
you swung his way.
Now you'll swing my way!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
to set the Pendulum Scale
My monsters are ready to swing
into action!
(roaring)
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best,
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Sir, I picked up an unusual
summoning signal
from the city's coastal zone.
The reading
is off the charts.
Analysis, quick!
I have the results, sir.
If the wave patterns
are correct,
then someone is using
pendulum energy.
Pendulum energy?
(roaring)
The kid summoned
three monsters at once.
I should be the one flexing
my dueling muscles
in front of this crowd.
I can't believe
a puny boy like him
can pull such
a powerful maneuver.
It must be a trick.
I'm stunned, too, but if
his move wasn't legit,
the judges would have
intervened.
Where did he learn this
Pendulum Summoning?
Whip Snake, it's time for you
to whip into action.
By activating
its special ability,
it can switch the attack
and defense points
of your Battleguard King.
That Snake weakened
my only monster!
Oh, yeah!
And now my Sword Fish will
wear him down some more.
Using its special ability,
my Performapal
can slice and dice your
King's attack points by 600.
(announcer on P. A.)
Whoa! Things are looking bad
for the champ.
This kid won't stop hammering
the Hammer!
Now for the big finish.
Get set, Odd‐Eyes.
Time to power up and attack.
Your attack is about
to be extinguished.
I play the trap
Battleguard Howling.
Now your Odd‐Eyes must
retreat to your hand.
But before it disappears,
you will take all its attack
points as damage!
Timegazer Magician,
you've mastered the deepest
secrets of space and time.
Use your powers to help
protect me from the past.
Check this, everybody.
Timegazer Magician's Pendulum
ability can rewrite history.
So, Sledgehammer, your trap
has been trumped.
Infinity Gear Reverse!
I better move it or lose it.
Aah!
I'm activating
an Action Spell card.
We've reached the grand finale,
Stargazer Magician.
Let's end this duel with a trick
fans here will never forget.
Watch in wonder as Stargazer
uses his Pendulum ability.
When there's a Pendulum
monster battling,
Stargazer can stop
spell cards from activating.
Halting Horoscope!
(buzzer)
That move leaves me wide open!
Everything is set now,
Odd‐Eyes.
Let's give The Sledgehammer
a blazing send‐off.
Spiral Flame Strike!
Nice try,
but that attack couldn't even
toast a marshmallow.
Then I guess I'll have to
turn up the heat.
Since Battleguard King is a
Level‐five‐or‐above monster,
Odd‐Eyes' special ability
deals double the damage.
That's a wrap!
Aah!
Odd‐Eyes, that was perfect.
Good job.
He won?
Uh‐huh.
Oh, yeah! Yuya makin' it
look easy!
You showed 'em how it's done!
Huh?
What's going on?
Hey, what happened
to The Sledgehammer?
You defeated him!
Your dad would
be so proud.
Good work, Yuya.
You dueled
like a champion.
You were unbelievable!
Even Gong was impressed.
He's our star pupil!
(cheering)
Yuya's my main man!
For real!
He made the Sledgehammer
look like a toy hammer.
I want to know what
that Pendulum Summoning
was all about.
I've never seen
anything like it.
(growling)
No one walks over
the Sledgehammer and
gets away with it!
Uhh!
Wow, just listen
to that ovation!
Kudos to you, Yuya.
You have to let us all in
on your secret.
Give us the lowdown on that
amazing new summoning technique
you unveiled in today's duel.
Huh?
New summoning what?
Good news, sir.
We just I. D.'d
the kid in question.
His name is Yuya Sakaki.
14 years old.
Seems to be your typical
middle school student.
Sakaki duels in the
Junior ARC League.
I have his win‐loss record.
Nothing special.
His record is 50‐50
at best.
Where does Yuya train?
All his training was
through one institution.
A place called
the Yusho Duel School.
I've heard that name before.
Yusho Sakaki!
That was his school.
Precisely. This young hotshot
is Sakaki's son.
Apparently he's trying
to follow in his
father's footsteps.
Yusho Sakaki vanished
three years ago
and now his son
is suddenly using
a radical new method
of summoning?
There's not much to say.
There's more here
than meets the eye.
Prepare a background report
on this kid.
Leave nothing out.
Any facts that may relate
to Pendulum Summoning,
no matter how small, should be
reported to me immediately.
Meine Gute!
Look at all the new kids
applying to You Show.
They must have our school
confused with another school.
The Yusho Duel School
is highly selective,
but if you fill out this form,
I can almost guarantee
you'll get in!
(kids shouting)
What's up, Zuzu!
Oh hi, Ally.
Hey there, Frederick.
Did you guys come out
to help me?
Principal Boyle asked for
volunteers in our class.
Since we are the only two,
he "volunteered" us.
Where is the principal?
The new ARC system
just arrived.
We got it free
thanks to Yuya's duel.
It's the latest model
and my dad wanted
to unpack it personally.
I think he wants to adopt the
machine into our family.
Yuya saved our school.
Now everyone wants
to study here.
They're excited
to duel like Yuya.
When he did that
pendulum thingy,
I jumped out of my seat
and started dancing!
(boy)
You teach all
the students here
how to Pendulum
Summon, right?
Yes, it's part of
the curriculum,
if you're enrolled
in the school.
Now who's first in line?
(kids shouting)
One at a time, please.
Line up and I'll
get to you.
Oh, great.
I'm supposed to be in
today's demo duel,
but at this rate,
there's no way I'll be ready.
Problem solved, Zuzu.
Gong doesn't
want you to worry,
so Gong'll take over
for you in the duel.
Oh, no you won't!
Zuzu's the best
duelist here,
so she should be
in the spotlight.
Who does he think he is?
He doesn't even go here.
You're bad for business.
Step outside.
But Gong wants to stay!
We've got you covered here,
Zuzu.
You better go get prepped
for your duel.
Thanks, guys.
You're in charge.
I've seen you
around here before.
You want to enroll?
Here at the Yusho
Duel School
we continue a proud
tradition of Action Dueling.
Our training will
produce a duelist
who mixes the zeal of a
competitor
with the crowd‐pleasing
instincts of an entertainer!
The legacy of that
great dueling legend‐‐
Who cares about
this stuff?
Yeah, I just wanna learn
how to Pendulum Summon.
Friends and fans,
gather 'round!
Over there!
It's him!
(girl)
It's Yuya.
Welcome, one and all,
to the Yuya Spectacular!
What?
This isn't all about you!
I happen to be dueling
in this match, too!
Who is that girl?
I can't believe she
interrupted Yuya like that.
Go away!
(kids shouting)
Uugghh!
All right, then.
You wanna treat me
like a villain?
Then that's exactly
what I'll be!
Yuya, I can see
being in the limelight
has already soured your ego.
But soon you'll be singing
a different tune
after I own this duel.
Uh...
You need to say
something back to me.
Oh!
Whoa!
You must be The Sledgehammer's
sidekick!
The Sledgehammer's sidekick?
I recognize you now,
Gavel Girl!
I'll use my pendulum power
to whoop you, too!
Listen to them.
They're fired up.
Quick, Gong, boot up
the ARC system so
they can start dueling.
I can't believe a heavyweight
like Gong
is taking orders from a
half‐pint.
Aagghh!
We're going to duel on the
field spell Plain Plain!
(computer) Augmented Reality
Combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
This new Augmented Reality
Combat system
really is top of the line.
Check out how realistic that
stream and those fish look.
After this duel's done,
I'm grabbing my trunks
and taking a dip!
Hyah!
Augmented Reality
Combat System is set!
Duelists prepare for battle!
Only one will
rule the duel...
...in the ultimate fusion of
Monsters and mayhem!
The action begins ...
(snaps fingers)
...now!
Let's duel!
I'm up first.
I'll start off by summoning
Performapal Hip Hippo.
That Hippo's happening!
Yeah, once Yuma gets him
hoofing away,
the dude's a high‐speed
heavyweight.
Let's go!
You're not gonna get far.
It's my turn!
Hyah!
I summon Aria
the Melodious Diva.
Aria, attack!
Bring Yuya's Hippo
to a halt.
(high‐pitched note)
Piercing Note!
An Action Spell.
Perfect!
Let's rock and roll.
(cheering)
You think you've escaped,
but Aria can still belt out
some damage.
Since her attack failed,
she can use her special ability
to reduce your life points
by 800.
Resonating Wave!
Aah!
(sinister laugh)
That will teach you not
to turn your back on me,
you wimpy wannabe!
Now get up
and face the music.
Get up, Yuya.
You can rest later.
Everybody's waiting
and watching to see you
Pendulum Summon.
Don't leave them hanging.
Work your magic, Yuya!
It's Pendulum time!
Pendulum! Pendulum!
Pendulum!
See? I told you.
They're getting impatient.
I'm on it! No sweat!
It's time to swing
into action!
Yuya, if you're waiting
for applause,
you might be here awhile.
Right. Here goes.
Now I draw!
Excellent. My duel with the
Sledgehammer's a blur,
but luckily Gong gave me
the play‐by‐play.
I'll just do what I did then.
First, I'll use my monsters to
set the Pendulum Scale.
With my Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
and my Timegazer Magician,
I'm good to go.
Yeah!
Crank up the Pendulum power!
Pendulum! Pendulum!
(crowd)
And now, the moment you've
all been waiting for.
It's time to Pendulum Summon
and swing into action!
Aah!
(all gasp)
(buzzer)
(wind blowing)
Huh?
It didn't work.
How come?
What's going on?
I don't get it.
What the...
Where are they?
Hey, Sword Fish
and Whip Snake,
get out here right now!
Why am I getting
an error message?
I used my Pendulum Cards
the same way last time.
Pendulum Cards?
What are they?
(thinking)
What did I do wrong?
I've got to think back.
If I'm remembering right,
it was just after Sledgehammer
destroyed Odd‐Eyes,
and I was on the brink
of losing.
It seemed like I didn't
have a chance.
That must be it.
I was in major trouble
and that's when I was suddenly
able to Pendulum Summon.
It'll only work when
I'm in a jam!
I'm ending my turn now.
All right, Zuzu, come at me!
You want me to attack?
That's right.
Throw everything you got
my way.
If that's what Yuya wants,
then make him happy!
Quick! Fire things up!
Huh? If you say so.
I'll start my turn now!
Whenever there's
a Melodious monster
taking center stage
on my field,
I can summon one of the
greatest singers
that's ever dueled.
That's your cue, Sonata the
Melodious Diva.
Now I'll tribute this duet
and combine their melodies to
summon a whole new monster.
She'll blow you away with
her musical talent,
Mozarta the Melodious Maestra.
To start her concert,
she'll perform her
special ability.
By hitting the perfect note,
I'm able to summon
a Melodious Diva
that's Level‐four‐or‐below!
Take a bow, Aria
the Melodious Diva.
Her harmonies will
overwhelm your Hippo.
Aria, sing a tune that will
floor Yuya's monster.
Aah!
Nice tune.
Now pull out your Pendulum cards
to pick up the beat.
Pendulum! Pendulum!
Now, hit me with
a high note.
That's exactly what
I had in mind!
Mozarta, bring down the house
with your most powerful strain!
Graceful Wave!
♪ Ah ♪
Awesome. Okay,
it's make or break.
It's the perfect time to
Pendulum Summon!
(buzzer)
Aah!
(all gasp)
Uhh!
Huh?
He lost?
I wonder
what went wrong.
I don't get it.
It's over?
(boy)
That can't be it!
Bummer.
If that was
your idea of a gag‐‐
I wasn't joking around,
honestly!
You better not be lying.
Excuse me.
I'm really confused.
Uh‐huh, what is it?
During your duel,
you said something about
a Pendulum Card.
Pendulum Card?
Well, actually, I'm not sure
what they're officially called.
That's just the name
I made up for them.
Can I see one?
Sure.
I never saw anything
like that before.
Yuya says you can't
Pendulum Summon
unless you have
one of those cards.
That sounds fishy.
What if this all Pendulum
stuffs not actually real?
Good point.
Maybe he hacked into
the ARC system
before dueling
Sledgehammer.
I bet that's how
he was able to summon
three monsters at once.
He doesn't have the skill
to beat Sledgehammer,
so he had to cheat.
Looks like our hero
is really a zero.
Hey, guys, wait!
Don't go!
Uhh!
(muffled shouting)
Oh.
This was a new tracksuit.
Yuya, hold on.
Those kids were wrong.
You're no cheater, Yuya.
You're the greatest duelist
any of us ever saw.
You didn't need tricks
to beat The Sledgehammer.
You won fair and square.
Tell them all your
Pendulum Summon was real.
Yuya, you should stand up
and defend yourself
instead of making your biggest
fan do all the work.
My biggest fan?
And your only one,
apparently.
You know, Tate's been coming
to the You Show School
to watch your practices.
He had fun when you
goofed around,
but your duel against
The Sledgehammer
turned him into
a true believer.
Oh, it was awesome!
You were amazing, Yuya.
When you were dueling,
it was like magic.
You and your monsters pulled
thousands of fans together!
I wanna do
the same thing someday.
I'll learn to duel
just like you.
(cheering)
It's the greatest feeling in the
world to make people so happy,
and now I'm about
to walk away from it forever.
I don't know.
I'd like to keep dueling...
Then pick up your deck
and prove to everybody
that what happened in
the duel wasn't a fluke.
You think I can?
Gong knows you can.
You owe it to Tate.
(chuckles)
Right! And to me, too!
We can start a club,
once you enroll.
Our open house
was a disaster,
but we got
one new student here.
New student?
Where?
Has he made
a tuition payment yet?
I'm so fired up!
Go Yusho!
Hmm.
As a duel‐tainer, I guess
I can't let my fans down.
I promise you guys I'm going
to master Pendulum Summoning.
Hey, Gong, Zuzu,
let's duel!
(all laughing)
So you want me to take
his Pendulum cards?
All of them, right?
(man, on speaker)
That is correct.
How you go about the task
is your business.
But keep my
name out of it.
Once you have acquired
the Pendulum cards,
we will exchange them
for the rare cards
that you requested.
Hmm. It's a deal.
♪